* Input field for a date/time. Consume text in different formats and 
map to timestamp, go to closest timestamp in the data set.

* Diagnostics for Event RPC from NaneNode not plotted. 
Tells health and load of HDFS cluster - should be on system page.

* "Capture time" on transfer page is confusing. The last write
time can be later than capture time - the capture time is when 
the diagnostic capture was started, but last write can be later.

*  Latencies hard to read on transfer page - have a timeline
diagram that covers the stages: source event creation, action
queued, transfer started etc. This can have the deltas between
the stages.

* Failures, Retries Pending Regions etc graphs can be order of 
millions - changes of 100K can be hard to see in graph. 
Provide log option.

* Scrolling slider and looking at graphs can be hard as they 
do not always fit on page, particularly when there are multiple graphs.
Options include making graphs smaller (makes them hard to read), have
multiple sliders with one per graph that are linked together, floating
slider.

* Provide some delta's on the diagnostics page. When total events can 
be 150M, the delta from the previous diagnostics would be more useful.
This includes actions etc, it would be interesting to know if actions 
are going up or down on the diagnostic page. When generating the time
series in the Python script we can create a delta time series - these
could also be plotted, independently or as overlays on existing graphs.
These could be displayed in table as 50/1,500,00 - indicating the change
was 50 over a total of 1.5M.

* Orange on Navigation bar clashes with graphs - use a darker orange.

* Per file transfer page can show stalls but it is hard to map 
back to the system as timestamps might not match. The per file transfer page
is at second granularity. However, it should be possible to map to the nearest
diagnostic. 

* Per file transfer page uses old slider, should switch to new slider as
the old one is hard to understand and use.

* For tables that have been sorted if you move the slider to point in 
graph to load new data into table the sorting is lost. The sorted tables
are done with sorttable (https://www.kryogenix.org/code/browser/sorttable/)
which is easy to use but has limitations. If moving to a different approach
(https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_sort_table.asp) would also allow
support of units (eg display in KiB, MiB, GiB).

* Primary reference for a migration should be the migration name, as is
currently the case, but it should be possible to map back to the
internal migration id. This is useful as if an issue is identified with a 
migration then the next step would be to look to the relevant log file - which
is based on migration id. To avoid bloating tables should have collapsible 
columns.

* Recent activity chart at bottom of the summary page should have the 
the migration name as key - currently you have to mouse over to get the
migration name. The chart only uses half the page so there should be room.



